fix(core): allow initial password setup without verification (#8746)
logto-io/logto: .changeset/initial-password-setup.md

---
"@logto/core": patch
---

> allow Account API users without a password, primary email, or primary phone to set their initial password without a verification record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allow users who have no password, no primary email, and no primary phone to set their initial password without a verification record through Account API
```
